Docs: Add styles property to block-api.md (#11080)
WordPress/gutenberg: docs/block-api.md

keywords: [ __( 'image' ), __( 'photo' ), __( 'pics' ) ],
```

#### Styles (optional)

* **Type:** `Array`

Block Styles allow providing alternative styles to block. It works by adding a className to the block’s wrapper. This className can be used to provide an alternative styling for the block if the style variation is selected.

```js
// Register block styles.
styles: [

> 		// Mark style as default.

Reviewer: You should also fix indentation. Check `Attributes` as a reference.

		{ name: 'default', label: __( 'Rounded' ), isDefault: true },
		{ name: 'outline', label: __( 'Outline' ) },
		{ name: 'squared', label: __( 'Squared' ) },
	],
```

> Plugins and Themes can also register [custom block style](../docs/extensibility/extending-blocks/#modifying-blocks) for exisiting blocks.

Reviewer: I think it should be `../docs/extensibility/extending-blocks.md#modifying-blocks`

keywords: [ __( 'image' ), __( 'photo' ), __( 'pics' ) ],
```

#### Styles (optional)

* **Type:** `Array`

> Block Styles allow providing alternative styles to block. It works by adding a className to the block’s wrapper. This className can be used to provide an alternative styling for the block if the style variation is selected.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Block styles can be used to provide alternative styles to block. It works by adding a class name to the block’s wrapper. Using CSS, a theme developer can target the class name for the style variation if it is selected.
```

The specific spelling `className` probably doesn't make much sense to a non-React developer (or someone not closely familiar with JavaScript DOM APIs).

```js
// Register block styles.
styles: [
	// Mark style as default.
	{ 
		name: 'default', 
		label: __( 'Rounded' ), 
		isDefault: true 
	},
	{ 
		name: 'outline', 
		label: __( 'Outline' ) 
	},
	{ 
		name: 'squared', 
		label: __( 'Squared' ) 
	},
],
```

> Plugins and Themes can also register [custom block style](../docs/extensibility/extending-blocks/#block-style-variations) for exisiting blocks.

Reviewer: It should be a valid GItHub link: ../docs/extensibility/extending-blocks.md#block-style-variations. It will replace ../docs/ with a proper path in the handbook and it will also replace .md with /. @pento added logic forvthat a few months back. It isn’t ideal but works.

> Plugins and Themes can also register [custom block style](../docs/extensibility/extending-blocks/#block-style-variations) for exisiting blocks.

Author: We have similar links and they are working on handbook and GitHub both.
